Argghhh this is an awful list! I will give 3 lists (definitions, one better, and one why this one is awful, some bad headphones)

Some basic definitions, skip this if you know the difference between open and closed headphones (no, a studio full cover headphone does make it a 'closed' headphone)

    Lively vs Neutral: Sound has a signature, composed of bass, mids, and highs (as straightforward as it sounds). A lively sound means more bass and highs, and perhaps subdued mids. This makes a sound 'pop' out more, and most 'consumer' headphones are like this. However, it's less accurate, and worse for music dominated by mids like orchestral, acoustical, and most rock. Do you want something that sounds great for your latest pop, electronic, rap, etc music, that sounds fun, or do you want something that's accurate for your studio, gives an exact reproduction of your content, or for your more orchestral/guitar based music? Gamers can go for Lively for more fun, or neutral for accuracy or to remove that annoying bass (it makes it harder to hear details like gunshots, footsteps behind you, etc in competition).

    Bass: Be aware that more bass is not a good thing inherently. Many people think bass and volume is what makes good sound, and it's not. Shitty headphones, like Beats by Dre, play on this.

    Ohm Rating: If you have to ask, it doesn't matter basically. Doesn't really matter these days anyways.

    Headsets suck, heaphones with mics built in. They are always overpriced and use crappy components. You are way better off getting a decent headpone + decent micl...

    Microphones: The Zalman Z1-Mic1 is $2, really great mic, no reason to get anything more than this. Clip it on your headphone cable or put it on the desk. If you need more than this, you would know. Literally, this is better than any mic on any headset under $100, probably $200.

    Supraural vs Circumaural: This refers to headphones that either push against your ears (most airline headphones are like this), or full cover 'studio' style headphones. It's up to you, but circumaural is generally more comfortable, and generally sounds better. Supra is generally more portable.

    Sound isolation: Depends what you want, sound isolation means you don't hear the outside world, it doesn't hear you. Maybe you dont want others on the train hearing you blasting your racist music, maybe you want to hear that bus before it hits you. Maybe you don't care, but it matters because...

    Open vs Closed: This refers to circumaural full cover headphones - Open means there's 'mesh' on the outside, and a person can literally speak right to your ear through it, while closed is covered, you put them on and sound from the outside world is cut off. Closed will have more bass and sound isolation. Open will have less bass, but will have more 'Soundstage'...

    Soundstage: This is a presence to the sound, a 3D sound profile to a 2D sound source (left and right speakers). A good soundtage will make it so you can almost tell exactly how many feet away the sound is coming from, if that band is playing in your head, or in front of you, if the guitarist is to the left, or to the right. A good soundstage is crucial for gamers, it helps with directional cues immensely. A poor soundstage will make the sound flat, and less direction to it. It can be distracting though.

Now we know the basics, here's some choices!

    $30: Superlux HD-681 EVO: A minor upgrade over previous AKG K240 clones, this is a more lively headphone that's more comfortable than anything under $50 and sounds better too. Semi-open.

    $40: Samson SR850: older gen neutral sounding evo.

    $80: Takkstar 2050 or Pioneer SE-A1000: These are both very neutral headphones, that are extremely comfortable.

    $100: T50RP: Very comfortable, great lively sound, closed. These are the most modifiable headphones out there, you can make this thing sound better than anything under $300 with some work. It has awesome drivers, the electronics, just everything else about is 'meh' and cheap. Hence, modders heaven. Even stock, it's one of the best choices for it's price.

    $120: Audio-Technica AD700: Very comfortable, not as comfy as DT990 or Sennheiser but decent. Neutral sound, non-existent bass, extremely wide sound-stage. This is the perfect headset for the competitive gamer.

    $130: Sennheiser 558: Definitely the most comfortable headphone you will find, extremely high quality. It is open, has some of the most soundstage you'll find of any headphone. Neutral sound. Ergonomically shaped. Great for gaming but actually has some bass and is more comfortable. Can be modded to sound much like the 598 (which is a great headphone, but for $200 it is outclassed by other choices, while the 558 outclasses anything under $150).

    $160: Beyerdynamic DT990 250 Pro: Open, just a hair less comfortable than the 558 due to being less ergonomic, only noticeable if you are wearing more than 4+ hours at a time. Much more v-shaped, bass-heavy sound than the 558.

    $200: DT770 250 Pro: Lively, closed. Best closed headphones at $200

    $200: Phillips Fidelio X1. Really some of the best headphones under $300, they are open and the most comfortable (whereas the 558 is ergonomic, these are just as light as air). If you can afford these, buy these. These have taken the mid-fi world by storm.

    $400: Sennheiser HD600: More neutral sound, open, this is your first step into hi-fi.

There are so many good headphones out there though, really depends on if you want open or closed (soundstage vs bass).

Now why the list above sucks:

    AKG K240 was great when it came out. Now, not so much. It's been cloned multiple generations now, and improved upon, first by the Samson SR850 ($50), then the Superluxes (668B, 681B, then Superlux 681 Evo. The clones at $30-50 are literally an improvement over this one.

    Grado SR125: Extremely uncomfortable as a Grado is! Grados are extremely clear and the best for rock/metal though, for sure, but definitely a love or hate headphone. There are better Grado choices, like the SR60i, that are cheaper.

    KRK KNS 8400: Okay, but just better choices at it's price.

    Sennheiser 280: Not a good phone. Sennheiser is for upper mid-range and higher. Their budget headphones blow. So many good, better choices than the 280.

    7506 is a great.
